{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;\red245\green245\blue246;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 During this project, I learned a lot about web development using Django. I learned how to create models, views, and templates, and how to use the built-in class-based views that Django provides. I also learned how to use forms to validate user input and how to create a registration and login system. Overall, this project helped me understand how Django works and how to build web applications using the framework.\
One thing I liked about this project was that it was very practical and hands-on. Instead of just reading about Django, I was able to build a fully functional web application from scratch. This helped me understand the concepts better and allowed me to see how everything fits together.\
The thing I struggled with the most was styling the application. I found it challenging to make the application look good and be responsive to different screen sizes. However, I was able to use Bootstrap to help with this, and I learned a lot about CSS and web design in the process.\
In the future, I can work on improving my design skills and learning more about CSS and responsive design. I can also work on making my code more efficient and following best practices.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 As a programmer, I see web development as an essential skill, and this project helped me gain more knowledge and experience in this area. I plan to continue learning and working on web applications using Django, as I believe it is a powerful and widely used framework that has many applications in the real world.\
}